doc: Add more application documentation (#211)
TheThingsIndustries/generic-node-se: Software/app/app_template/README.md

# app_template

## Description

> This application provides a bloat free template for starting with application development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application provides a bloat-free template for starting with application development.
```

> Developers are expected to customize this application and add their source files and build configurations according to their needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers are expected to customize this application, add their source files and build configurations according to their needs.
```

## Configuration

> This application doesn't require any additional configurations to function.

Reviewer: `doesn't` or `does not`? I'm not sure what was used until now, but please check and reflect that in this doc. I know we always use the full expression in TTS docs

Author: Yes you are right, we should follow TTS format, I adjusted all the doesn't in the docs for now and if we meet something else like isn't, will be updated as well.

Any application specific configurations should be added to [`conf/app_conf.h`](./conf/app_conf.h).

## Setup

This application doesn't require any additional setup as it acts as a template.

> You can add more functionality to this application by following the below steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add more functionality to this application by following the steps below:
```

> 1. Add your source files in [app_template](.)
> 2. Add your library paths to [CMakeLists.txt](./CMakeLists.txt) and STM32CubeIDE [.cproject](./.cproject),[.project](./.project) similar to`GNSE_BSP`library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add your source files in [`app_template`](.)
2. Add your library paths to [`CMakeLists.txt`](./CMakeLists.txt) and STM32CubeIDE [`.cproject`](./.cproject),[`.project`](./.project) similar to`GNSE_BSP`library
```

> > Please note: you can also see how this is done in the other example applications located in [app](../.) folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Keep in mind that you can also see how this is done for other example applications located in [`app`](../.) folder.
```

> If you are satisfied with the application behavior, you can rename it and add the new app name to [CMakeLists.txt](./../../CMakeLists.txt) under `APP_LIST`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are satisfied with the application behavior, you can rename it and add the new app name to [`CMakeLists.txt`](./../../CMakeLists.txt) under `APP_LIST`.
```
